Now, let's start constructing a two wheeled robot.
For better visualization, you may wish to reorient the scene.
To create the chassis,
click on box and then drop it anywhere in the scene by releasing the mouse button.
By default, this box has a volume of one meter cube.
To resemble the robot's main chassis,
you need to add it the box's dimensions.
Also, you'll want to change the chassis initial position.
You can always use the toolbar in gazebo to resize the box or change it's
position and orientation as you saw earlier in the gazebo main word gooey.
Now, to precisely edit the robot position and dimension,
double-click on the box.
A link inspector window should pop up.
Here, you can precisely edit the shape position,
orientation, dimension and other properties.
For now, scroll down to the bottom of the list and change the box position to
zero, zero and 0.2.
Then, once you have your box centered,
you'll want to edit its dimensions.
Before you do that,
let's take a moment and understand the difference between
an object's visual aspect and it's collision aspect.
A visual aspect of an object is it's
graphical representation and does not affect the physics simulation.
On the other hand, a collision aspect of
an object is used by the physics engine for collision checking.
Back to editing the box dimensions.
First, to change the visual shape of your box,
click on visual, expand the list and scroll down to geometry.
In geometry, change the box size to 0.3,
one and 0.1.
You should now see a smaller box inside the bigger one.
This is expected as you have only changed the visual geometry and not the collision one.
Now, to change the collision size,
click on collision, expand it and scroll down to geometry.
As you did earlier in the visual,
change the box size to 0.3, one and 0.1.
Then hit okay.
This box is now looking exactly like a two wheeled robot chassis.